you can rinse it up yes it's focused you
know I'm right you're nice and I made it
right I got me some kind of cooked off
on YouTube welcome back to my channel so
I hope they're lovely elzar be here
today
CBC a copula of a cell phone is with
invisible spork because you need eyes in
this video I'm going to basically be
answering the questions from the Q&A
which was on with photos if you guys off
there push and then your question maybe
go home so we both gave me having our
inputs I'm actually wearing makeup today
because I love seeing LML but I'm seeing
the highlights Aquino Monique from 15
miles away
who asked our advisors and a glow
goddess so we're just gonna start with a
random questions do you have any advice
to people who struggle with binge eating
start eating and quote they're over most
possible later 100% and it's definitely
something that even very recently as I
see if you guys follow like in my
journey you guys all know that I've been
starring with it they did do a whole
video on that so you guys can go check
that out my main advice would just be my
lil compositor right now see are people
yell at movie so my main advice you find
a way to keep yourself accountable and
mouth for me I said people all around me
and I see you guys that I'm having this
program and I need to over comment one
thing I found it definitely helps people
not having it on about is I've been
really really reach assessable to
anything when I've been having
collecting a weather and while do it in
the morning I like goes out girl
cousin about words and so between those
chocolates is of everything available
and I'm by her home I knew that yes I a
lot more than I need to
so you're like excited it so you're like
the landing or everything it yeah the
dispersed Li commence have my input I
just I personally don't believe in Gmail
for Tuesday's I think it's a very
negative time because then anything or
associating certain foods about and
certain this is good and personally are
if you're having let's say a gay when
you're not going to track your lap room
you might be enjoying a bit more sweet
treats than normal and that's totally
fine but by having a cheat meal or a
cheat day you are then gonna feel that's
because it's a cheat like you're ruining
your diet or bourbon so and you also
ever invited like I did whenever I have
Gmail is actually I get overexcited and
I like the Romans go mental and like buy
loads of stuff I don't need and then
it's that easy and I I used to like and
tell us any eat is gonna I have to get a
contract an excellent day you're rolling
your eyes you're late now I ever say and
unified like so sick stuff so just go by
in our place don't don't associate they
put cheat Mills was what you should be
putting into your everyday exactly exact
like if cheat meals are you just don't
don't have them I will talk about this
much wine that family time again just
know be happy
yeah obviously of course if you do buy
these foods in the first place but by
all means is totally fine just make sure
that you're putting them in in
liberation into your diet
I like stick to seventy percent
my signature speeds and I understand
whatever you want just try find a way of
realizing when you're full and then
writing it down in a journal that's what
I like to do these good things I've done
in the day through bad things just
looking about little plastic some what
about no sex did was what I was called
cheat now yeah
what does you call it well I think is
just to repeat everything so instead of
having a cheat meal what is what
scientifically more optimal to do is
have two days where you are increasing
carbohydrate reducing fat slightly and
keeping her cleaning business doing that
for two days if you do it just for one
day it doesn't really have enough time
to replenish with life in terms of
self-study rolling them below and that
is the best and most optimal way to do
things that will increase your
performance it will make your body then
kind of get the homeless guy some things
because you should only be having cheat
or resettle as well when you are that
you don't need it when you're in denial
and so that's what I would say and
another good thing is your progress is
really source its Leng go on a diet
break which is a period of like 25 and
10 days I'll be tracking macros and
Lolly absolutely not next question with
you lovely absolutely not how you
feeling pretty good though like sighs
like Kona yes my only hope Malabar
evening and then
strong water if you had to choose one
sushi or resist rhesus
I noticed comparable to textbook meal
can be reason okay well this is the
thing like I think I choose to eat but
only because I have a very limited
amount of savory foods that I actually
like I actually had one of them for me
cause Reese's like and I can replace
resources to those of cookie where yeah
you seen that - that's a rare find for
me and I only have the real thing but I
like that savory like burrito so
I'm beat another question would you
rather give up Reese's or deadlifting
the rest of your life I will repay them
sorry you'd give them up yeah if there
is enough yes stemness are like stop and
if you are movement in policy and that's
such a such a functional English I don't
like the long term as much and some
people think I do I like them I don't
have a big bar the big five reasons I
think my favorite thing but I shall
cause I could go without them
it's a resembled step it's like a lot of
people keep on having that so we met at
living shark nice out in an independent
when I were both like Mountain Cat in
Khmer right and we didn't even measure
each other were at this stage and yeah
so that's kind of how we met and then we
knew each other on social media and then
we were just like telling me art were
both so hard
yes against unions are kind of the past
so it was being pretty not remember and
there's nothing with legal term that is
obviously we managed in Chattanooga and
I was calling neither of us working with
Jim shot we dumped like it's just a
dream oh it's massive girl riots as goal
there's a huge goal for me and I was I
had little opportunities from varying
from clothing sportswear companies and I
said no to absolutely all of them
because I was waiting out and in hope
that interrupts me would eventually come
and it will be too good and this little
toe question which I got countless hi I
get here it's like one of those things
that you would be enemy because they're
too embarrassed to call it
how do you get exactly how do you get
something and I think it's so important
to cover this I'm basically just going
to start with you need to be an asset to
the company the company doesn't want to
send you free clothes for fun bathe them
now they want you to be promoting their
companies the company like Jim chunk for
example already has numerous amount of
implants s oh my god laughs absolutely
crushing it though so much clothing and
it needs you make them not ask it will
only invite about them if they feel like
you know hold that one message your you
display a piece amount value if you are
on content value have to value and
consistently I will say other two
biggest thing that's like the biggest
thing and include that you're not just
putting dirty pictures for example on
Instagram I by value see you guys I've
posted on captions and third you and yet
we both do that and then YouTube video
and it's also providing a hell of a lot
of value can I make sure anything I'm
saying is correct because if I say
something which is a load of BS then I'm
going to complete work that are going to
represent berry sauce their values and
get a brand message and that they know a
lot of people are going to see it
because of course sometimes companies
will watch people's a smooth following
if they believe that they've got a lot
of potential
it's going to be much more likely that
if you are somebody with a larger
following them you will get restarted by
bigger companies it is always true of
course but majority is kind of wrong but
it's because the people with large
following how a large following for a
reason because they're providing value
they were inconsistent for a long time
exactly putting a social media saying or
whether you like what happens in like oh
my god lengthening and it
hey Timmy iPad lighting at the our hair
oh very much yeah
you're usually like eligible course
canoes and they follow but like her
YouTube is doing so well but it's only
just taking off now after two and half
years exactly and I think I have my
YouTube for about two years
yeah probably nearly two years and I've
had my info down for over two years now
I didn't even realize until it pops off
on my time off the other day so yeah
it's all about consistency and even now
I'm absolutely nowhere near where I want
to be but the funny thing is right guys
like people may say oh you're sponsored
by Jim Jonsin grenades at the time we
aren't even want them we're just yeah I
feel like that this is a violent thing
so we have to be should probably clean
arts English I do try to but I know
things get it's going to explain enough
you know exactly right and company such
as in chat for example have different
kids and most of how you love them is
obviously amazing to be considered like
Jim people run with you on anything
water I don't matter call America's
victory victory a lot of people get
confused with I can actually take two
though and I see is where they basically
just completely 100 percent like on your
side like if you are signing up on chat
with them they are about to keep like a
long period of time and then it goes as
video which is where you cannot sentence
down with them but you are you're
watching very close to them and like
you're speaking for the kind of people
internally right exactly and they're
sending you products to use to promote
and then reviews and then let you have a
link which you guys can use to support
us directly and that's in the
description box below by the way if
you're an affiliate you essentially have
the potential to them
Brittany in fact Lee so right now I
think your top Tony has video responses
and people ask when certain people like
this music as a gentleman guys yeah yeah
like my ogre David made let you everyone
I wonder what people were doing for the
other Larry loved it but yeah so that's
our and then of scene regions are
ambitious young charming born out of
life we must adjust my outline exactly
so that's that and then with grenade
it's very similar ganado and you have a
very select few athletes such as like
Jamie goes to but yeah basically toxic
spin sponsors see you make sure you are
holding content to Brandon want to
associate the France with which give
values people what the hell is good I
will see in the camera movie Google
happen the inning this is what my cleat
is do yes to see you provide value be
consistent
give it time give it time it's not going
to have an eye and though be rude are we
going to wake our yeah and I have and
that's who I'm going with yes just make
sure we're going to think but stay tuned
yeah and we're also thinking like we may
get together and organize a time a place
to look on fear because we obviously are
going to be honest English while we
could we might be but you know Lucy
searching and then quickly I want to say
if your song as the phrase goes to
something like to put an XP by above do
it you need for yourself and it's like
oh my god just do it I study it you'll
love it you'll meet so many people and
you say heart an intimate it's so good
it's really good
Laura FitLife said so my question is
could you explain and talk about power
building so power building in
essentially a cross between powerlifting
and bodybuilding so you get the best of
both worlds you get strength gains and
get the muscle gain
did you get out anything to this game
shock range what would it be some insane
trainers almost a good one
insane right now serves as one I'm
pretty sure one day in the future to
travel around training you never know to
do I think I asked you quite like this
question TV and pull-ups goalless askew
she said what is happening you goes
everyone would understand literally that
everything is so much more simple than
what you think it is so much more simple
there is no like someone that about this
guy two-minute window after working out
runs you're eating something within like
three hours
that's a heartless but just do what you
would like to do they'll move yeah
that's like optimal exercises to things
which is so so so specific but until
you've got the ground-based level one
but even I don't have even else there
are not natural and Emily acne is very
likely that you will even have this
ground-based level on your sunspots but
that's the beauty of things you don't
need to understand carpet a hundred
twelve time and that I feeling which I
wish because I realize that these tiny
factors such as supplement but as the
best form of hit workout such as the
best way to sports which is like the
motherly need any of their old whores
vodka foundation in fact a long time to
fill a long long time and these things
like are just so unnecessary at the
level that I'm presuming 99.9% of people
watching this are out also answer what
is something you think is the hardest to
find
and Mijares because the other day and i
think is actually really good for the
Crushers come up yeah I did I didn't
want to cut or cut it in one of my
videos are some shoring up and I think
it is hard very hard to explain because
not not many people will fit well with
it partly and they won't understand it I
think it's hard to explain how customs
influences slogans bloggers are all real
people just like you and like literally
just like I was having to realize that
since my system he has grant year I I
enjoyed the day I didn't think about
that I always like to put them on I was
an accreditor yeah yeah Allison knew I'd
load them and usually just like a
celebrity
yeah like honestly it's pretty to me
because when I used to watch Jasmine
Garcia when she had like eight thousand
subscribers maybe even less I thought
she was like this incredible celebrity
is so famous on Instagram she probably
had like 4,000 followers and now I just
like think about it now and I'm just
like what the hell people are like just
off yeah I think that's below my life I
think that's what makes it harder when
people can you hate like it's not it's
not nice no if you pay and I understand
why people comfortable with writing like
horrible comments on YouTube is because
they do see this approach of people as
people that don't read the comments or
like don't have feelings I read
everything like moment me too and I just
I know it doesn't sit well as me that
people think it's okay to like the harsh
thank you have to always remember guys
people decide to put their lives on the
internet never to tell you down or never
bad people do but our form of social
media it was to help people and
influence people to live a happier
healthier more positive lifestyle and
people are going to actually making life
and if they are you stopped amending my
life on the internet newell sleeping
mask changes over go through and
sometimes I just don't think it's that
some people who are effectively complete
strangers and influence that are
learning it's bad but it's view us to be
putting their name to the pinion on us
what are their life choices like think
about all that I know the thing you will
make in your life how would you feel is
like owning a vehicle close it but at
least files like we do have to expect it
yeah exactly lots of the chopper
it's 100 percent but I just think yeah
like it anywhere like that you won't
realized yeah I definitely don't think
people realize that we are just
something just like one of your friends
like say that I'm uni I mean you like my
group of friends with all normal people
like I don't have my friends on all
celebs like obviously me another friend
mama classes pretty love is bigger now
but we're both in the same position but
where we've like Commons together
because we make other on social media as
well as well it's not anything special
but yeah I don't know I think it's just
even exclaiming it hot yet if I mean
it's the hardest thing all right
oh yeah my my mind is from that was
don't for like it's okay to give
influence the table two humbuckers not
because I know more people and you know
we can learn people we just saw
[Music]
with what if I have someone's trying to
track macros
I am going to be launching something
very soon 16 teams were long library
that rhymes on a desert island with only
one protein are wonderful dem equipment
and one meal what would they be
one protein bar calcula white chocolate
yeah hundred son one from the general
quick man probably squadron looking he
can do so much with that yeah I was
going to say like you one of those big
power rack yeah you know what is you can
like do scores you can do per usually
ugly everything and that of course comes
with a bar bottom plate so you know
you're all good and a better to comes
with up to one pound more okay so we've
already got two sweet so we've got our
girls which is Willie oh interested I
would think to my other words you just
get a net load in every time I was
either going pretty burritos or species
bring a for every time another exciting
cargo issues again I've seen every it's
very selfish like just think don't
specify which three okay till then a
very fun we can tell
how much time did it take me to get abs
but if you want me to do a full video on
how to get out then get for Megan Valera
and give it a thumbs up
do you can't sugar in life in a partner
Walter come on when I lost the special
thing I'm where there's annoying big
boys like launching some things but my
life secret I want it called I need my
car it will be really valuable to you
guys so I decided what would be an
amazing system akin to enough sky and
house oh good question APR me your gun
pick transmission whoo yeah mine will
definitely be it's all gonna turn out
how you want it to yes definitely
because there have been times when I've
been revising freak down dancing myself
I am such myself Delta sometimes even
thought like in burning but not in like
school I really am and especially when I
was younger I with my a levels I was
like now I'm going to sell friends I'm
not going to get into uni everything's
going to be so wrong and all bad and it
was all fine in the end and it has all
gone wrong it would have still been
online the end so it's just like yeah
things come out just how spacious
what advice would you give to start
making more friends sharing and a
fitness and helps like no intro well for
me putting myself on social media
actually helped me music like L and
making banana jam that's really a great
way or just like kind of slowly chipping
away at your friends just be brave just
like be brave own your passions know
that of that in the puddin know that
it's right for you and the right people
come into - a lot of people asking about
digestion issues as well guys please
just go to your doctor I'm yeah of
course my doctor neither of us while we
can
by a 1/2 meet up and run boom Christian
mark Mary or whatever on social media so
yeah that way that's fine not likely
well you haven't updated your emoji on
why is it like you go into the cardia in
your workout should I not be doing 20
minutes cardio before our training so
this is like what I was saying about how
everything is sort of completed by
everybody
so I don't do Collier and advocate for
me of course cardio is good because it's
good for your cardiovascular health but
I talked to Nick aside to go and walk if
I am ever like I just have a goal of 10
Elza yesterday which I spoke about
before I'm not like crazy if I get like
9,000 then unlocks are but you know
let's get rid of all coming ahead or I
don't it'll eat up on the spot like
someone commented saying that they did
that I'm a morally thing yeah yes some
days then I'll look like $18 steps and
I've had a busy day and it just pulled
back the whole keen is for 32 cuz I love
again local car watching YouTube videos
cut to yours yeah cardio is an extremely
necessary to do if you want is it
fitting towards your goal for me my goal
right now is to build muscle and to
build strength and if I was doing cardio
then that would make me 15 when I work
out I wouldn't be able to perform
effectively as I'd like to and yeah for
me Collier is more of a way to burn
calories and I don't wanna be burning
calories right now
both I do ones about calories but only
reason why I still have the step goal is
whether I ensure that my meet my any 81f
selected piece of Genesis is increased
again my calorie expenditure and start
wishing imagine a lovable I'm actually
wearing the corner so we did cover this
in Ali's video but I'm going to kind of
touch upon it again because it's a
slightly different question it says you
have both quick corporate desk jobs for
your passion at any point have you
regretted this decision or question
whether it was the right thing to do and
how have you gotten past this
tremaine's they motivated so me I do not
regret it
absol I wish I had quit see anything I
just put it up I wish I quit please why
she's not all happen for reason but
honestly guys when I was in that job I
wasn't myself I I just wasn't like in my
parents would take me like Boris they
said like Savin it they're worried about
me I was so unhappy I wouldn't went off
I was so grumpy Siskin Andy I was a
recordable class man I hated everything
and I was living for the weekend and I
think that is just such a sad way to
live yeah and obviously if you're
somebody who has responsibility and
people depending on you then it clearly
didn't sir but at the stage I was 18
with y'all I had no one depending on me
I was run a position where I could quit
I was able to do that it was scary
like a lot of going problem fight was
very very very scary I'll what you
dealing to do kotelko it's probably the
most immediate like really might end up
using something like oh I'm gonna go
sometimes and I don't think it's on vain
and people think yes sounds like work
she said yeah it's the best thing and
this myself
and yet I make money later that I was a
financially stable to do it and I knew
that I had stuff
come because the concert have a very
firm what you want to do and just go for
it that from both online I think we are
not the people that come on other people
we work our selves and I open five and
female house if money because my degree
at uni so in June I have to start
placement for six months that is going
to wrap up this Q&A I hope you guys have
enjoyed it it's been quite long
hopefully it arise until advise you guys
I would love it if you guys can thumbs
up and comment below and check me out
yeah hanging out take this couch he has
an awesome channel and it's only getting
fair so thank you guys for watching I
love you loads and I'll see you in the
next one ah within Rahzel mwah